Add config entry remove device signature (#1231)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/device_registry_index.md

## Removing devices

Integrations can opt in to allow the user to delete a device from the UI. To do this, integrations should implement the function `async_remove_config_entry_device` in their `__init__.py` module.

```py
async def async_remove_config_entry_device(
    hass: HomeAssistant, config_entry: ConfigEntry, device_entry: DeviceEntry
) -> bool:
    """Remove a config entry from a device."""
```

> When the user clicks the delete device button for the device and confirms it, `async_remove_config_entry_device` will be awaited and if `True` is returned, the config entry will be removed from the device. If it was the only config entry of the device, the device and all its entities will be removed from the device and entity registries.

Reviewer: This needs to be rephrased, the entities linked to the config entry being removed from the device are removed regardless of if there are additional config entries or not.

Author: We don't need to mention entities I think.

> When the user clicks the delete device button for the device and confirms it, `async_remove_config_entry_device` will be awaited and if `True` is returned, the config entry will be removed from the device. If it was the only config entry of the device, the device and all its entities will be removed from the device and entity registries.

Author: ```suggestion
When the user clicks the delete device button for the device and confirms it, `async_remove_config_entry_device` will be awaited and if `True` is returned, the config entry will be removed from the device. If it was the only config entry of the device, the device will be removed from the device registry.
```
